build(docs-infra): add tool to create new examples (#39283)
angular/angular: aio/tools/README.md

example's project. We maintain these common boilerplate files centrally to reduce the amount of effort
if one of them needs to change.

This `examples` tool folder contains three utilities:

* example-boilerplate.js - install/remove the npm dependencies and boilerplate files into/from each of the
  examples' subfolders.
* run-example-e2e.js - run the e2e tests for one or more examples

> * create-example.js - create a new example from the `example_scaffold` file or by import files from a CLI project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* create-example.js - create a new example from the `example-scaffold` directory or by importing files from a CLI project.
```

Author: Fixed
